hey guys what's up it's Chad down here
in California live in the van life out
here at San Clemente State Beach and you
know what one of the things I love about
living this lifestyle is the fact that
you can pick and choose where you want
to live on a daily basis if you want to
pick your house up and move it from
Washington down to California and enjoy
the sunny life during the wintertime
when it's gray up there
by all means all you do is turn the key
and you start driving and when I start
looking at it that way I'd find myself
extremely thankful for the lifestyle
that I chose two years ago and that I
still continue to live and enjoy and
have no regrets in fact just realizing
that life is much better this way
being able to do what you love and the
experiences that you get out of it and
it's really great
so last night I chose to live at San
Clemente State Beach and set up camp out
here and last night I talked a little
bit about it in my video and when the
Sun rose this morning I wanted to take
you guys and show you what I got going
on here at San Clemente State Beach I'm
gonna show you around the camp spot a
little bit here and show you what's up
so to start with there's the Westfall
yeah the top is popped it's all set up
ready to rock for living the van life
living a simple life whatnot
let me show you this view that we've got
this wonderful panoramic view from
inside the van totally awesome you can
see the water in the background there
we're up on some big high bluffs that
overlook the ocean late at night when
it's quiet you could hear the the waves
crashing way down below so very similar
to San Elijo State Beach which was the
last campground that I was at about a
week ago I started camping out there for
a few nights so that was really nice
here in San Clemente State Beach I
stayed in a
what is considered a 10th spot and
basically you're set up with a parking
spot like where my vans parked we got a
picnic table a fire pit a barbecue ER
and this nice covered little shade area
here and so this is a 10th spot this is
$25 a night to stay here for a 10-spot
whereas the hookups they're a little bit
more you know if you want water and
electricity and all that stuff I know a
lot of people were concerned about the
$50 a night I was spending last time at
that San Elijo State Beach but people
what you got to remember what's
important to remember in this is that
people down here in these areas pay
millions of dollars to have this view
and you know if I can get a little piece
of it for 50 bucks a night and not have
to make that mortgage payment of a
million bucks
not that it's a million dollars but ping
you know a mortgage on a million-dollar
piece of property then I'm miles ahead
if I'm not having to make that payment
because I wouldn't be doing what I'm
doing right now living this van life
enjoying this million-dollar view for
well in this case 25 bucks in the last
case 50 bucks whatever my life's way
more simpler than if I was buying that
piece of property that's for sure so
anyways so this is the main road that
comes through and this is my this is my
camp spot right back here in the corner
nice and secluded surrounded by all this
greenery it's a great way to be living
the simple life diesel here driving
through so yeah definitely enjoying the
van life it's pretty awesome like I said
just really thankful for the
opportunities that I've had to be able
to live this lifestyle and really
thankful for the opportunities that this
lifestyle has opened up for me and
everything is great down here in
Southern California it's gonna be tough
to walk away from these awesome beaches
and this sunshine to head back to the
gray winter time of Washington but I
really miss all my friends and family so
really looking forward to getting up
there and I got some opportunities
coming around up there that are gonna be
pretty exciting so got a couple more
weeks on a contract down here in
California basically through the end of
February then I'll be headed headed up
to Washington way to continue the next
adventure and yeah so this this
lifestyle will always be a part of my
life that's for sure so definitely
liking it I hope everybody's doing get
out there peace out and keep on trucking